a lot of people are telling me that
deadlifting is an ego lift and that I
should not be doing it yeah and my first
one rep max was 235 and then I did it
again but for five reps so I was like
wow I could go heavier so the next time
I went I did 255 my goal today is not to
hit 255 but maybe I can hit 235 for some
reps the hardest part for me in dead
lifting workouts is honestly the rest
time it takes forever this is where it
starts getting really heavy for me this
is 205.
we do this is 2 35 my previous one rep
max for context I weighed just 140.
oh my God I thought it was going to be
easier to do more of that but I did just
do this like three days ago you would
think since training deadlift my back
would have gotten stiffer but pretty
much the opposite has been happening so
my back bend is looking pretty good at
least for me it's looking good stay
flexy